---
layout: post
author: Nirawit Jittipairoj
title:  Thankful
date:   2017-11-23
categories: personal
image: /images/thankful/hero.jpg
---
I don’t typically write personal pieces, but I guess Thanksgiving is an exception.

---

At first, it seemed silly to write about what I’m thankful for on Thanksgiving Day. And it’s because I’m not just thankful today — I should (and I try to be) thankful every day. But Thanksgiving serves as an especially good day to reflect on this topic, so here we go.

There are many people without whom I would not be here, in an awesome city, surrounded by incredible people, and studying design so that I can do what I love for a living.

As I’m going through my final year of university, I’m thankful for:

**My parents**, who trusted me enough to send me abroad to study something so risky and volatile and gave up their dreams of having an engineer son.

**Emily Pasternack**, for being the best mentor in the world, for being there whenever I needed professional or emotional help. Thank you, and I am paying it forward.

**Chad Hall**, for being the best TA ever. For turning Design 166 from an agonizing-weed-out-hell into the most fun class I’ve ever taken and for solidifying my love for design.

**Kristine Matthews**, for being kind and taking a chance on me. I would not be here, studying what I love, without her generosity.

**Others**, whose names are too many to list. Through all the good and bad bits, we’ve had lots of fun and learned a lot from each other. But the journey isn’t over, and I’m hoping it stays this way til the end.

---

Now, the ending. As it turns out, writing such a personal piece has been difficult, and finding a fitting conclusion is even more so. So, I’m not going to find my own words. I’m going to borrow [John Gruber’s](https://daringfireball.net/2011/12/merry):

The truth is, I’m the luckiest person in the world today. I hope you are too.